Junglee Resort Rajaji National Park
WhatsApp 9953423776

Home
 
Things To Do
 
Gallery
 
Packages
 
Important Facts
 
Contact
 
Sight Seeing Places
 
Feel Of Jungle Survival
Home
Only 17 Kms from Rishikesh & 25 Kms from Haridwar and 10 kms inside of dense forests of Rajaji Tiger Reserve & Rajaji National Park , This is the location of Junglee Resort Rajaji Tiger Reserve & Rajaji National Park near Rishikesh , Junglee Resort is a true wildlife resort where you can spot a leopard right in front of the resort or in front of your Gypsy or SUV. Wildlife lovers, Birding lovers find this place totally perfect for their wildlife tour thirst .The Junglee Resort Rajaji National Park is positioned in middle of forest at the foothills of Great Himalayas. Junglee Resort Rajaji Park is located just 4 hours drive away from National capital Delhi ( Distance 225 Kms ). The Junglee resort Rajaji National Park is situated only 400 Mtrs from official boundary of Rajaji National Park and is located in civil forests , river stream is located nearby . Don’t take yourself to a trip planned for a purpose, let trip take you into the woods with wild eyes peeping and over the thin line of monsoon river. Take the path of sound and colors and get yourself involved in the forest’s wildness. The clear way to universe is through the magical trunks swaying to and fro in the wind. Feel the gesture of nature. All good things are wild and free so receive more then you seek with every walk of nature and get the hopeful symptoms of life.


Junglee Resort Overview
Junglee Resort Rajaji National Park has different categories of rooms as 4 Birding Huts , 3 Wood Houses , 3 Brick Houses & 2 Terrace Houses. Dining Room serves tasty meals as Breakfast , Lunch ( Veg ) , Dinner ( Veg / Non Veg ) Evening Tea with Assorted Pakoras , Bonfire Music . ALL ROOMS HAVE AIR COOLERS .

There are many treks near Junglee Resort Rajaji National Park , as Himalaya View Trek , Sun Rise Trek , Vindhya Wasini Trek

How to Reach Junglee Resort

Pls Don’t Follow Google Map location , Pls Follow Route as mentioned in video



Junglee Resort Overview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-4y4qv72MA&time_continue=3&source_ve_path=NzY3NTg&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fjungleeresort.com%2F

How to Reach Junglee Resort

Pls Don’t Follow Google Map location , Pls Follow Route as mentioned in video: youtube.com/watch?v=XfqKaP0xNMc&time_continue=0&source_ve_path=NzY3NTg&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fjungleeresort.com%2F

Packages
Junglee Resort is wildlife Resort Located 10 Kms inside Forest , Road is Off Roading .

Pls Dont Follow Google Map as google will take you from official road (45 Kms Extra ) , As per google map our off road is river . All rooms have Air coolers .

Package Cost: Per Person Per Night On Twin Sharing Basis

Rs. 1750 Per Person For Birding Huts ( Big Size Huts Near Birding Deck )
Rs. 2000 Per Person For Wood House ( Wooden Cottages )
Rs. 2500 Per Person For Brick House ( Brick Cottages , Big Size Better View )
Rs. 3000 Per Person For Terrace House ( Big Rooms With Open Terrace , Beautiful View )

Package Includes:

Welcome Tea On Arrival
1 Night 2 Days Stay on Twin Sharing
1 Lunch ( Veg ) , 1 Dinner ( Veg / Non Veg ), 1 Breakfast
1 Evening Bonfire With Veg Snacks , Music
Trekking to Vindhyawasini Temple

Food Menu:

Breakfast : Aallo Paratha , Curd Or Aaloo Poori , Poha , Egg Bhurji , Tea
Lunch : Dum Aloo , Dal , Mix Veg , Raita , Rice , Chapati , Pickle , Papad, Salad
Dinner : Chicken Dish , Paneer Dish, Dal , Rice, Chapati , Sweet Dish , Pickle, Papad, Salad

ROOMS : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-4y4qv72MA

HOW TO REACH : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfqKaP0xNMc

VINDHYAWASINI TEMPLE TREK: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9PEFvnywEY

JHILMIL CAVE : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Mu-52YlzEk

Pick Up Drop Charges Extra From Village Kaudia ( if Required ) Rs. 1500 One Way ( 10 Kms )


JUNGLEE RESORT OVER VIEW

Important Facts
Pls Dont Use Google Map Location , as our 10 Kms off road is dry river according to Google map , Pls Ask for audio recording as guide map

1: Resort is located 10 kms inside dense forest , off roading like Jungle Safari , Only SUV vehicles are suggested , Vehicle above 170 mm ground clearance could reach resort with careful driving . Though some local people carry Hundai I 10 , Maruti 800 too but they are expert drivers for rough routes , guests have option to choose pick up drop from Ganga Bhogpur ( Forest Entry Point ) with parking facility. [ Extra Charges ]

Otherwise You Can Take Long Route Via Neelkanth Temple Rishikesh ( Only 1.5 Kms easy Off Road ) Pls Watch Youtube Video


Junglee Resort Via Neelkanth
2: JIO & Vodafone Mobile Networks are available at Junglee Resort .

3: Loud Music is not allowed at Junglee Resort , We provide Music System with Bluetooth connection option , Guests are requested to play low volume music to enjoy Bonfire.

4: As entry & Exit to Junglee Resort is from Chilla Range & Gohri Range of Rajaji Tiger Reserve , Guests are requested not to throw waste items from car as these can harm to wildlife.

5: Entry Inside Rajaji Tiger Reserve & Rajaji National Park is restricted after 7 P.M. & As Junglee Resort is located inside forest, Guest should cross forest Barrier near Chandi Devi Temple Haridwar or Barrier near Barrage Rishikesh before 7 P.M.

6: As Junglee Resort is located inside dens forest and forest has many Tigers , Leopards, Wild Elephants as fauna , One should take proper care while driving and should not get down from vehicle , Any mishappening caused by natural factors will be travelers own responsibility , Junglee Resort has no control on natural causes.

7: One Should see How to reach Video to understand location of Junglee Resort and enjoy one of the best holiday Video link :


Junglee Resort Via Off Roading

Contact
JUNGLEE RESORT , Rajaji National Park
[ A Unit of Chayan Hotels & Resorts ]
Haridwar Rishikesh Chila Canal Road , Near Village Kaudia , Vindhyavasini Temple [ 17 Kms from Rishikesh , 25 Kms from Haridwar ]
Call : 9953423776 , Whats App : 9312834583

Corporate Office
14 B, Second Floor , Niho Mall, Near Delhi Public School , Ahinsa Khand 2, Indirapuram Delhi NCR.

Bank Account :

Jungle Yoga
Current A/C: 6516433866
INDIAN BANK, Branch Rishikesh , Branch Code 2758
IFSC CODE: IDIB000R103

Email: jungleeresort@gmail.com

Entry Inside Rajaji Tiger Reserve & Rajaji National Park is restricted after 7 P.M. & As Junglee Resort is located inside forest, Guest should cross forest Barrier near Chandi Devi Temple Haridwar or Barrier near Barrage Rishikesh before 7 P.M.


HOW TO REACH JUNGLEE RESORT


Sight Seeing Places
Open Gypsy Safari at Rajaji National Park : Open Gypsy Safari is done from Junglee Resort which is located inside of Rajaji National Park , Chilla Gate is the nearest Safari get from Junglee Resort , As Rajaji National Park is named after C Rajagopalachari ,who was freedom fighter and last Governor General of independent India . Rajaji National Park was formed in year 1983 by merger of three Wildlife sanctuaries named as Chilla, Motichur and Rajaji . As Ganga and Song river flows through Park, Rajaji National Park safari covers 32 Kms from Chilla Gate to Gate & this Safari area is one way and is made in capital Q shape . There are 37 tigers , More than 500 Wild Elephants, More than 250 Leopards ,Deer , Bear and plenty of other animals including Reptiles and around 450 species of Birds


Lakshman Jhula Rishikesh : Lakshman Jhula is a suspension bridge built on river Ganga It is said that Lord Lakshman had crossed river Ganga with the help of jute ropes at same place where this bridge has been built so they call it Lakshman Jhula . Laxman Jhula connects two districts as village Tapovan is in Tehri Garhwal district & village jonk in Pauri Garhwal district. Lakshman Jhula is pedestrian bridge and motorbikes are also allowed on this Bridge , currently this Bridge is closed for traffic , this Bridge is located on Rishikesh Badrinath Road, Laxman Jhula was built in year 1929

Ram Jhula Rishikesh : Ram Jhula is new bridge in comparison with Laxman Jhula as was built in year 1986 Ram Jhula connects Swargasharm area in Pauri Garhwal district to Shivananda Ashram area , Muni ki Reti in Tehri Garhwal district. Ram Jhula is bigger than Lakshman Jhula . As Lakshman Jhula is Old Bridge was built in year 1929 . There are so many Hindu ashrams near to Ram Jhula .


Parmarth Niketan Rishikesh: Parmarth Niketan is the biggest Ashram located at Rishikesh on banks of river Ganga , Parmarth was founded in year 1942 Parmarth Niketan has clean and sacred atmosphere for all people , There are beautiful gardens , Daily Yoga activities are done on daily basis , Where kids are studying old Gurukul atmosphere , Ganga Aarti at sunset time is very famous at Parmarth Niketan , There is a large Shiva statue in front of Parmarth Niketan
Feel Of Jungle Survival
Package Cost: Rs.5500 Per Person

Package Includes:

Transfers from Delhi by Innova / Tempo Traveler
1 Night 2 Days accommodation in Dome Camps
2 Breakfast , 2 Lunches ( Veg ) , 1 Dinner ( Veg / Non Veg ) cooked on woodfire
Evening Tea with Veg Snacks cooked on woodfire
Morning Tea prepared inside Jungle on woodfire
Jungle Survival experience
Assistance of support staff


